This is a listing of modems tested.   If you've used iWar with modems other
than on of these, please let Da Beave know! (beave@softwink.com).


o	Hayes Optima 336 (V.34/V.FC+FAX+VOICE).   Lacks decent tone 
	detections (ATDT5551212w;  confuses remote ringing with 
	a tone).   Basic dialing works fine.  Speaker volume is loud.
	No remote call progression.   No tone detection possible.
	Support class 1 faxing.

o	Practical Peripherals 336 Minitower.  Lacks detent tone detection.
	Basic dialing works fine.  Speaker volume is really low,  even
	at the highest setting.   Detects voice as BUSY most of the
	time.   Doesnt support remote call progression (RINGING).
	No tone detection is possible (silence/tone).  Supports calls
	1 faxing.

o	Microcom DeskPorte 28.8S.  Lacks tone detection.  DTR drops are
	_SLOW_ on this modem.   This makes manually "marking" slower.   
	Other than that,  seems to work fine for basic dialing.  Can't say
	if the volume is loud,  as my unit appears to have a broken
	speaker.  Doesn't support call progression. No tone detection 
	possible.   No fax option with this modem.  

o	Motorola 28.8.  Lacks tone detection.  Considers remote rings
	as a tone (ATDT5551212w;).   It is good at not considering 
	voice as a BUSY.   Does detect BUSY accurately.  Supports
	class 1 fax.  Volume is loud.  No fax support for this modem.
	No tone detection possible.

o	Comtrol RocketPort 8 port PCI modem.  33.6.  Lacks extended 
	tone detections (ATX5/6),  but it appears that silence detection
	might work (ATDT5551212w;).  Doesn't seem to confused BUSY with
	VOICE.  Can't comment on the volume as this unit is 200 miles
	away from me.   Support Class 1 fax.  Might support traditional
	tone location,   but doesn't support silence detection.

o	USR 56k Courier V.Everything.  Supports call progression (RINGING).
	(ATX6 == everything on/ATX7 == everything minus VOICE detection).
	My modem doesn't seem to support ATDT5551212W; type tone detection,
	but does support silence detection.    From my understanding,  older
	USR Courier might support both. Support class 1 fax.  Good modem 
	for scanning.   This modem by default treats DTR drops like
	"ATZ",  so you need to re-send the modem init string (see the
	iwar.conf and enabled "dtrinit").
 

